# TEDxTraining-24

Pro Tip: don't ever push to main!! Make sure you're on the right branch before pushing or committing any changes. This main branch is unprotected due to some limitations with GitHub, but it'll allow us to always make sure we're on the right branch before doing any changes. 

Also, don't forget to pull all changes before adding anything of your own to avoid conflicts. Small commits is key (not necessarily in the training phase as the paragraphs will be small and concise but when we actually start working there will be a lot of changes that need separate commit messages).

I know all of this might sound overwhelming. But don’t worry. We’ll practice alot till we all master it together isa before using it for our actual code. I’ll divide you into teams of 2 members each. Each team would work on 2 paragraphs of whatever topic is assigned for them (this task is each week until for 2 weeks). It isn’t an essay; just type anything about the topic you have, even if it is fake made-up information. I want you to be familiar with the Git process, not the school essay process. Anyways, each member of the team would have a paragraph (you guys will decide who takes what paragraph and what you’ll talk about). After your team is done with the 2 paragraphs, your team should open a PR to merge to the main branch. If you face any problem or need any help, don’t ever hesitate to ask me for anything on whatsapp or even physically in breaks (DP1). After a week, the main branch should have several files. Even if the main branch changes while you're working on your own branch, continue working then open a normal PR. It is completely okay.
